No one's leaving today
Gu Linger, run away
Didn't you run pretty damn well just now?
Let me tell you something.
Even if you fucking run away
Who the hell are you?
Crouching Tiger Villa Storage Style
Who the hell am I?
Hahaha
It turned out to be a dog raised by Brother Gu Cheng.
Then I'll kill your daughter first.
It should be regarded as a meeting gift for Boss Hu's appeal.
Kill him for me
Hey, hahahahaha, hey.
Mr. Lin, right?
Hiding it from today
Give me face
All expenses are paid by me
Calm down, calm down, hahaha
Take it off your mother
Which onion are you?
Go away
Hey, Mr. Lin
I know the rules
Make a price, make a price, right?
Haha he fucking asked me for money hahahaha
Ouch, listen.
Money is shit to me
What you want is face
Face, hey, hey, hey.
Can be beaten to death
Oh, don't hurt your peace.
Let's see who dares
Ok you little brat
Tie a few broken detonators, who are you scaring?
I can mix to where I am today
Are you afraid of your tricks?
Since you don't want to live
Then die together